chore: [KHCP-5869] publish PR previews to npm (#120)
Kong/public-ui-components: README.md

Additionally, CI will use `commitlint` to validate the commits associated with a PR in the `Lint and Validate` job.

## Preview components

> You are working on the PR and changing component project. Let's say `@kong-ui/forms`. You want to try to deploy consuming application (`khcp-ui` for example) that uses your changed code without merging your changes to main and publishing new version of @kong-ui/forms. Here are the steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are working on the PR and changing component project. Let's say `@kong-ui-public/i18n`. You want to try to deploy consuming application (`khcp-ui` for example) that uses your changed code without merging your changes to main and publishing new version of `@kong-ui-public/i18n`. Here are the steps:
```

> 1. Look at your PR where your changes for @kong-ui/forms. Every time PR is getting built, NPM  preview of package is getting deployed, and there is an updated PR comment created:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Look at your PR where your changes for `@kong-ui-public/i18n`. Every time PR is getting built, NPM  preview of package is getting deployed, and there is an updated PR comment created:
```

```text
Preview components from this PR in consuming application

In consuming application project install preview versions of shared packages generated by this PR:

// we are adding the version tagged on npm with your PR number

> @kong-ui/forms@pr-456

Reviewer: ```suggestion
@kong-ui-public/i18n@pr-456
```
